BOOK VII. iv.-vi

accompauimentS, and by the Greeks, too, who have
been learning Latin out of fondness for my little book.

But what will you think of this boasting? lle-
member, however, poets have the privilege of raving.
Still, Ι am not giving you my own judgement‚ but
that of others, which, be it just or mistaken l am
much pleased with. My one prayer is, that posterity
may endorse their judgement, or their mistake, which-
ever it be. Farewell.

V
To Camurium

Ir is incredible how Ι miss you; such is the
tenderness' of my affection for you, and so un-
accustomed are we to a separation l 1 lie awake the
greatest part of the night in conjuring up your
image, and by day (to use a very common, but very
true expression) my feet carry me of their own
accord to your apartment, at those hours I used to
visit you; but not finding you there, l return with
as much sorrow and disappointment as an excluded
lover. The only intermission my torment knows, is
when Ι am engaged at the bar, and in the causes of

my friends. Judge how wretched must la's life be,
who finds no repose but in toil, no consolation but
in dealing with distress and anxieties. F arewell.

Vl
To Macmwus

A vuar singular and remarkable accident has
happened to Varenum the consequence of which is
yet in suspense. The Bithyniam, it is reported,

α v. 20.
¹3

 

