BOOK X. lxxxii-lxxxIv

there was no occasion for you to hesitate a moment
upon the point, concerning which you thought
proper to consult me. Without entering therefore
into that question, (to which l would by no means
give any attention, though there were everso many
instances of the same kind,) I recommend ιο your
care the examination of Dio’s accounts relatIng to
the public works which he has finished; as it is a
case in which the interest of the city is concerned,
and as Dio neither ought, nor indeed does refuse, to
submitto the inquiry.

LXXXIII

To vna Euaunon rann«

Tira Nicaeans having conjured me, sir ‚by (what is,
and ought ιο be, most sacred ιο me) your prosperIty

and immortal glory, to present to you their petition;
ldid not think myself at liberty to refuse them: I
bave therefore enclosed it m this letter

LXXXIV

Taararv vo Pmrvv

Tira Nicaeam, l find, claim a right by an edict of
Augustus to the estate of every citizen who dies
intestate. You will therefore summon the several
parties interested in this question, and with the
assistance of Epimachus and Virdius Gemellinus, my
Procurators (having duly weighed every argument
that shall be alleged against the claim), determine
as shall appear most reasonable.

389

 

