Ἴ BOOK X. lviii-lix

any misgiving over public joy, Ι thought it as
necessary as agreeable to obviate these doubts, by a
special mark of my indulgence. Ι would have no

one think that Ι shall rescind either the public or ,

private benefactions of a former prince, in order to
gain credit by restoring them. They shall be fully
ratified3 and let no one, on whom the Fortune of
the Empire has smiled, think his happiness in need
of fresh petitions. Rather let them leave me leisure
to bestow new benefits; under the assurance, that Ι
need only be solicited for those which have not
already been obtained.

Fnou run saun, το Turnus Jusrus

As in all matters, whether begun or accomplished,
the rules laid down in the last reign are to be
observed‚ so even the letters of Domitian must be
held binding upon us.

LIX

To run Eusenos Tnarau

Fmvrus Ancnuwus has conjured me by your
prosperity and immortal glory, that l would transmit
to you the memorial which he presented to me. Ι
thought Ι might grant a request conceived in such
terms, provided Ι acquainted his prosecutrixv with
this my intention, from whom Ι have also received a
memorial on her part. Ι have annexed it to my
letter; that hy hearing each side, you may more
easily perceive what to determine in this affair.

⁰ Furia Prima, see next Letter.

355

aad

 

