BOOK IX. xiv-xv

XIV
To Tacrrus¹

You do not blow your own trumpet, and l, for my
part, never write more sincerely than when Ι write
about you. Whether future generations will pay us
some regard, Ι know uot; but let us anyhow earn

'some regard, Ι will not say by our genius (that

would be arrogant) but by our zeal, our labourS, and ' Ι

“ our reverence for posterity. Let us but pro-
ceed in the course we have begun; which, as it has
conducted some few to the sunshine of fame, so it
has led out numbers from nameless obscurity. Fare-
well.

XV

To Falco

Ι fled to my Tuscan estate in order to do just as Ι
pleased ; but that privilege is denied me even here,
so greatly am Ι harassed by showers of petitiona—
which are so many complaints—from my various
tenants. Ι look over their papers with more
reluctanee than my own; for, to confess the truth,
it is with great unwillingness Ι review even thern.
Ι am revising, however, some little orations3 an
employment which, after a length of time has
intervened, is but of a very cold and unentertaining
kind. ln the meanwhile my private affairs are
neglected as much as if Ι were absent. Yet I some-
times sofar act the part of a careful master of a
family, as to mount my horse and ride about my

211
1³2

 

