BOOK X. lxv-lxvi

Vespasian to the Lacedaemoniam, and another from
Titus to the same, with one likewise from him to the
Achaeans. Also a letter from Domitian to the
Proconsuls Avidius Nigrinus and Armenius BrocchuS,
and another to the Lacedaemonians: but l have not
transmitted them to you, as well because they were
ill-copied (and some of them, too, of doubtful
authority) as because l imagine the true copies are
preserved in your Record Officefl

LXVI

Tussis uo Pmivv

Thu question concerning free-born persons who
have been exposed as infants and reared in slavery
by those who took them up, has been frequently

discussed3 but Ι do not find in the archives of the
Princes my predecessors, any general regulation upon
this head, extending to all the provinces. There
are, indeed, letters of Domitian to Avidius Nigrinus
and Armenius Brocchus, which perhaps ought to be
observed; but Bithynia is not comprehended in the
provinces therein mentioned. 1 am of opinion
therefore, that those who desire emancipation upon
this ground should not be debarred from publicly
asserting their freedom, nor be obliged to purchase
it by repaying the costos their maintenance.

⁶ “Under the empire, the serinia. . . were the official
bureaux where the publio archives were hept.’' (Hardy.)

³⁶5

 

