BOOK X. xli

XLI

To rnre Eurnnou Tunnuv

¹ Wnnu l reflect upon your exalted station, and the
greatness 01 your mind, it seems most fitting to
point out to you some works worthy alike of your

immortality and your fame, and no less useful than
magnificent. Bordering upon the territories 01 the
city 01 Nicomedia is a most extensive lake; over
which marbleS, produce, timber and commodities are
easily and cheaply transported to the high road; but

from thence, are conveyed in carriages to the ,

sea-side, at great charge and labour. Accordingly,
they desire to connect this lake with the sea. To
carry out this work will require, 'tis true, many
hands3 but these again cannot be scarce, 101· the
country, and particularly the city, is exceedingly
populous; and one may assuredly hope that every-
body will readily engage in a work which will be 01
universal benefit. ἵ

lt only remains then to send hither, if you shall
think proper, a surveyor or an architect, in order to
examine whether the lake lies above the level of
the sea3 the mechanics of this province being 01
opinion that the former is higher by forty cubits Ι
find there is 111 the neighbourhood of this place a
large canal, which was cut by one 01 the kings 01
this country; but as it is left unfinished, it is
uncertain whether it was for the purpose 01 draining

the adjacent landS, or 01 connecting the lake and ,

the river. lt is equally doubtful, t00, whether the
death 01 the king, or the despair 01 being able to

331

 

